Added Feast example (#222)
DAGWorks-Inc/hamilton: examples/feast/README.md

# Hamilton + Feast

> In this example, we're going to show you how Hamilton can help you structure your Feast repository and bring tighter coupling between your feature preprocessing and feature store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we're going to show you how Hamilton can help you structure your Feast repository and bring tighter coupling between your feature processing and feature store.
```

- **Feast** is a feature store, which an ML-specific stack component, that helps store and serve features from different sources (offline vs. online, batch vs. stream). Features need to be computed separately, typically in an SQL pipeline or a Python dataframe library ([Feast FAQ](https://feast.dev/)). 

> - **Hamilton** is a data transformation framework. It helps developer write Python code that is modular and reusable, and that can be executed as a DAG. It was initially developed for large dataframes with hundreds of columns for machine learning while preserving strong lineage capabilities ([high-level comparison](https://hamilton.dagworks.io/en/latest/)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Hamilton** is a data transformation micro-framework. It helps one write Python code that is modular and reusable, and that express a [DAG](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Directed_acyclic_graph) of execution. It was initially developed for large dataframes with hundreds of columns for machine learning while preserving strong lineage capabilities ([high-level comparison](https://hamilton.dagworks.io/en/latest/)).
```

## File organization
- `/default_feature_store` is the quickstart example you can generate by calling `feast init default`. It is presented here as a reference point to compare with Hamilton + Feast alternatives.

> - `/simple_feature_store` is a 1-to-1 reimplementation of `/default_feature_store`. You will notice that adding Hamilton helps explicit the dependencies between Feast objects therefore increasing readability and maintainability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `/simple_feature_store` is a 1-to-1 reimplementation of `/default_feature_store`. You will notice that adding Hamilton helps make explicit the dependencies between Feast objects therefore increasing readability and maintainability.
```

> - `/integration_feature_store` extends the `/simple_feature_store` example by adding the feature preprocessing code using Hamilton and directly integrating with Feast.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `/integration_feature_store` extends the `/simple_feature_store` example by adding the feature transformation  code using Hamilton and directly integrating with Feast.
```
